[doc][2024.2.2] Bidirectional xCluster adding indexes (#25744)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-deployment.md

    Replication altered successfully
    ```

#### Adding YCQL indexes in bidirectional replication

Stop all write traffic when adding a new index to a YCQL table that is bidirectionally replicated.

Follow the same steps as described in [Adding indexes in unidirectional replication](#adding-indexes-in-unidirectional-replication), followed by bootstrapping the index on the target universe and adding it to the source universe (steps 4 and 8 in the opposite direction).

#### Adding YSQL indexes in bidirectional replication

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> For versions lower than v2024.2.2.0 follow the same steps as described in [Adding YCQL indexes in bidirectional replication](#adding-ycql-indexes-in-bidirectional-replication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For v2024.2.1 and earlier, follow the same steps as described in [Adding YCQL indexes in bidirectional replication](#adding-ycql-indexes-in-bidirectional-replication).
```
